Update Documentation with Pydata Sphinx Theme, and more (#523)
rapidsai/cuspatial: docs/source/api_docs/internals.rst

or a pantagon. Many geometry libraries stores the points in
array of geometric objects, commonly known as "Array of Structure" (AoS).
AoS is not efficient for accelerated computing on parallel devices such
as GPU. Therefore, GeoArrow format was introduced to store geodata in
densely packed format, commonly known as "Structure of Array" (SoA).

The GeoArrow format specifies a tabular data format for geometry
information. Supported types include `Point`, `MultiPoint`, `LineString`,
`MultiLineString`, `Polygon`, and `MultiPolygon`. In order to store
these coordinate types in a strictly tabular fashion, columns are
created for Points, MultiPoints, LineStrings, and Polygons.
MultiLines and MultiPolygons are stored in the same data structure
as LineStrings and Polygons.

GeoArrow format packs complex geometry types into 14 single-column Arrow
tables. See :func:`GeoArrowBuffers<cuspatial.GeoArrowBuffers>` docstring
for the complete list of keys for the columns.

Examples
********

The `Point` geometry is the simplest: N points are stored in a length 2*N
buffer with interleaved x,y coordinates. An optional z buffer of length N
can be used.

> The `Multipoint` geometry is the second simplest - identical to points,
> with the addition of a `multipoints_offsets` buffer. The offsets buffer
> stores N+1 indexes. The first multipoint is specified by 0, which is always
> stored in offsets[0], and offsets[1], which is the length in points of
> the first multipoint geometry. Subsequent multipoints are the prefix-sum of
> the lengths of previous multipoints.

Reviewer: Invoking prefix sum here implies that the lengths are stored, which I don't believe they are.

```suggestion
A `Multipoint` is a group of points, and is the second simplest GeoArrow 
geometry type. It is identical to points, with the addition of a 
`multipoints_offsets` buffer. The offsets buffer stores N+1 indexes. The
 first multipoint offset is specified by 0, which is always stored in 
 `offsets[0]`. The second offset is stored in `offsets[1]`, and so on.
 The length of each multipoint `i` is the difference between `offsets[i+1]`
 and `offsets[i]`. 
```

Consider::

    buffers = GeoArrowBuffers({
        "multipoints_xy":
            [0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 2, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 0, 2, 1, 2, 2],
        "multipoints_offsets":
            [0, 6, 12, 18]
    })

which encodes the following GeoPandas Series::

    series = geopandas.Series([
        MultiPoint((0, 0), (0, 1), (0, 2)),
        MultiPoint((1, 0), (1, 1), (1, 2)),
        MultiPoint((2, 0), (2, 1), (2, 2)),
    ])

`LineString` geometry is more complicated than multipoints because the
format allows for the use of `LineStrings` and `MultiLineStrings` in the same
buffer, via the mlines key::

    buffers = GeoArrowBuffers({
        "lines_xy":
            [0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 2, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 0, 2, 1, 2, 2, 3, 0,
                3, 1, 3, 2, 4, 0, 4, 1, 4, 2],
        "lines_offsets":
            [0, 6, 12, 18, 24, 30],
        "mlines":
            [1, 3]
    })

Which encodes a GeoPandas Series::

    series = geopandas.Series([
        LineString((0, 0), (0, 1), (0, 2)),
        MultiLineString([(1, 0), (1, 1), (1, 2)],
                        [(2, 0), (2, 1), (2, 2)],
        )
        LineString((3, 0), (3, 1), (3, 2)),
        LineString((4, 0), (4, 1), (4, 2)),

>     ])

Reviewer: It's unclear how this works. What does the `3` in `"mlines": [1, 3]"` represent? Is that a length or an offset?

Reviewer: Perhaps link to the docs for the function where this is explained.

Author: It seems like an offset. I think the key difference between `offsets` and `mlines` is that `offsets` is `N+1` in length, because all point in the point array belongs to some linestring. But `mlines` is `2N` format, becuase not all linestrings are multilinestrings, you need to explicitly specify the start and end (linestring) offset of each multilinestring. cc. @thomcom for detail.

Author: Meanwhile, checkout the updated paragraph to see if that's clear.

Reviewer 2: Heya, sorry for not being in this convo earlier. I'll be looking into dropping the 'bounding regions' in the `mlines` object to fit GeoArrow format correctly.

Polygon geometry includes `mpolygons` for MultiPolygons similar to the
LineString geometry. Polygons are encoded using the same format as

> Shapefiles, with left-wound external rings and right-wound internal rings.

Reviewer: We should provide a reference to the ShapeFile format here if we aren't going to define the terms and document the format here.

A `Multipoint` is a group of points, and is the second simplest GeoArrow 
geometry type. It is identical to points, with the addition of a 

> ``multipoints_offsets`` buffer. The offsets buffer stores N+1 indices. The

Reviewer: Why the double back quotes? Markdown only requires single. Is this a Sphinx thing?

Author: This isn't markdown but reStructuredText (we don't like that and cuDF is converting all documentation to markdown). Per [reST doc](https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/user/rst/quickref.html#inline-markup), only double backticks is recognized as monospaced fonts and single backtick is application specific. In Sphinx, double backticks are rendered as inline highlighted code:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13521008/168697837-d455f550-8640-44aa-87b1-b15cf98cb7a5.png)
And single backtick are rendered as italics:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13521008/168697928-e795c086-b871-4364-962b-313fd7b453ff.png)

Reviewer: > (we don't like that and cuDF is converting all documentation to markdown)

So shouldn't we do the same in cuSpatial?

Author: I haven't investigated how many hurdles it takes to do all the conversion but would love to tackle that as a follow up to this. Meanwhile, perhaps the author of https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/pull/10691 can explain a bit on this :) @shwina
